Good all the time of day you are watching
podcast company vps to her and today I
I'll tell you how to configure tipi tipi client
on windows I will do it in order
to connect to the previously created
vpn to access the Internet through my vps
So let's go to the start panel
control click on view state
network and tasks at the network change point
parameters I click on the new setting
connect or network
then I choose from the connection options
connect to the workplace and click
button further in embodiments
connect
I choose to use my connection to
Internet vpn further ip drive address
my server to connect and name
For connection I tick off that
now you just need to install
and I will connect later and click
Next I enter the login and password
access to the vpn server and press create
this process of creating a connection
completed and you need to go to setting in
taskbar click the left button on
network icon then click right on
on recreated vpn connection and
I select the property item
on the security tab choose vpn type
pptp
choosing not necessarily and encryption
so that you can connect to the server
without encryption and uncheck
password check protocol chat tab
network tick off all components
except both version 4 in the properties of this
the data acquisition component must be
automatic
after making all the changes, click ok
this completes the connection setup
and now you can connect to vpn
server click on the created vpn and press
connect
as you can see the connection is successful
everything is set for today
in the next video I will tell you how
configure the firewall to connect to
windows vps
via remote desktop not
switch and subscribe to our
channel
let your connections always be
protected by